USWDS-Site: Add changelog for in-page navigation [#6205] (#3000)
uswds/uswds-site: _components/in-page-navigation/in-page-navigation.md

    - property: "`data-threshold`"
      description: Percentage of the scrolling section that must be in the observed area before the current section is triggered. Use a value between 0 and 1.
      default: "1"
    - property: "`data-minimum-heading-count`"

>       description: The minimum number of headings that determines when the in-page navigation should be displayed or hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: The minimum number of headings needed in the content region to build the component on the page. 
```
